Welcome to the complete web developer.
Zero to Mastery.
The only course you need to become a full stack developer, get hired and start your new career.
I'm Andre, a senior software developer that has consulted and worked for some of the biggest tech firms,
both in Toronto and Silicon Valley.
I left my job last year to teach full time and show others how to succeed in this industry.
And since then, 120,000 programmers have taken my courses.
Some of my students actually work at companies like Google and Amazon.
Seriously?
Yes, seriously.
You see, I've been in your shoes before.
There's so much information out there on the Internet, so many courses, video tutorials, classes
and books that you can read.
But when you're just starting out, what do you pick?
How do you know what course to follow?
Who do you listen to?
Should you do a boot camp?
Everyone tells you their course is the one and well, I'm going to do the same thing.
But before you leave, let me tell you why this is different.
The thing is, most courses are outdated, teaching you less valuable skills like jQuery or PHP, or
they talk about how web development is so easy.
You just create a bunch of apps with pretty colors.
It looks impressive to a beginner, but when you go to an interview at a company, they will find out
who is a quality developer and who just copied some code from an online course with pretty colors.
And then we have other courses that just don't cover the full spectrum of technologies that you actually
need to become a well respected programmer.
They only cover the easy things because the easy things are easy to teach.
Now, in this course, we won't be taking any shortcuts, but we won't be wasting our time on skills
that are outdated either.
It's all about efficiency.
If you value your time, everything in here is directly related to what you can do as a developer to
jumpstart or grow into your career.
You're going to learn real skills that are in demand right now and used by some of the biggest firms
like Google, Amazon, Facebook and Netflix.
We'll go from understanding how the Internet works to building a final project together where we build
an image recognition app by creating the front end with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and react a server with
Node and Express and a secure database using post graphs all built from scratch by ourselves and releasing
it to production online.
And don't worry, you'll learn what all of these mean.
I guarantee you no other course builds a complex app like this.
This project on your portfolio will wow employers.
This isn't just pretty colors, my friends.
Now, along the way, we will build other projects together that you can put on your portfolio to impress
your future employers.
3 hours into this course, you will create a startup landing page that is actually on the Internet.
We even build a personal portfolio to put your projects on.
Now, when you enroll, you'll get lifetime access to hundreds of HD videos as well as exercises and
portfolio projects.
And I also update this course monthly because this is now my full time job.
And when I say monthly, I mean monthly.
Since this course launched, I've added over 10 hours of video and I continued to do so.
But to be honest with you, the best part you'll get access to our online community that has thousands
of developers chatting every day, helping each other out and doing monthly coding challenges to help
you get through the course.
I'm proud to say that we have the most active developer community.
Remember, nobody is born a developer.
We all started at zero.
Nobody is good at anything at first.
There was a time when Steve Jobs, Jeff Bezos or even Bill Gates couldn't count to ten.
You will struggle, you will make mistakes.
But with each video, you will learn more and more each time.
Make your brain just a little bit smarter.
And I guarantee you that I will help you get there, wherever you are, wherever in the world you are.
You can become a web developer.
In fact, if this course does not do what it promises, we have a 30 day money back guarantee, no questions
asked.
Check out the next video for the course outline to see if this course is right for you.
I'll see you inside.